Knox cloud services 26.06 release highlights.
Here's what's new in the Knox Admin Portal.
A new Security Dashboard.
A new Security dashboard lets you see which devices in your fleet
require the latest security patches, and which ones are at, or nearing their end-of-life
dates for OS and security patch support.
You can access this new dashboard by clicking the new Device lifecycle
summary tile on the main Knox Admin Portal Dashboard,
or by clicking the Security link in the left navigation pane.
Additionally, you can enable email notifications to receive snapshots
of your fleets security status, or get alerts whenever devices approach
their security end-of-life dates
or when devices have their security patch cadence changed.
Enroll devices without requiring a factory reset.
If you have devices already active and in use,
you can now enroll them in Knox E-FOTA and Knox Asset Intelligence
without requiring a factory reset.
This allows you to easily try these additional services
with minimal disruptions to your business.
Perform additional actions from the Devices page.
This release simplifies device management by consolidating cross-service actions
for Knox Mobile Enrollment, Knox E-FOTA, Knox Asset Intelligence, and Knox Configure
into a single Actions drop-down menu on the Devices page.
For example, if you previously wanted to perform device actions
like requesting a diagnostic log or forcing a client refresh,
you had to do this in Knox Asset Intelligence and Knox E-FOTA separately.
With this release, you can now perform device-related tasks more efficiently
without switching between multiple service consoles,
reducing administrative overhead and minimizing the risk of errors.
To learn more about the features in this release, or to get additional help at any time,
see our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!